c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\FlorestaPNG.PNG
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\BamBam.exe
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\BamBam.pdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\obj\x86\Debug\BamBam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\obj\x86\Debug\BamBam.exe
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\obj\x86\Debug\BamBam.pdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BamBamPNG.png
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BamBamEsquerdaPNG.png
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\ObstaculoPNG.png
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\FlorestaPNG.PNG
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BamBamPNG.png
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BamBamEsquerdaPNG.png
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\ObstaculoPNG.png
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\BamBam.exe
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\BamBam.pdb
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
K:\BamBam\BamBam\obj\x86\Debug\BamBam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
K:\BamBam\BamBam\obj\x86\Debug\BamBam.exe
K:\BamBam\BamBam\obj\x86\Debug\BamBam.pdb
